What does that mean?
Dare to ask Your Majesty, behind which family does not have some secrets of its own?
Not the second brother.
You must rely on these to conclude that I am the mastermind behind Northern Xinjiang 2.
I mean...
This is the only way you can work with me.
What do you mean?
Let me introduce you to the organization behind me.
Yes, I heard the organization behind you is mysterious.
Great power.
If we can work together to fight the evil.
Better be big.
It seems like he just found a mysterious organization behind me.
The mystery of failure is unknown.
I can take this opportunity.
The Magi made him work for the landowner.
But even so
Why should I help you deal with Big Brother together?
I've heard recently.
You don't work well.
Become a stranger
And he's still secretly investigating you, isn't he?
How do you know?
You have to remember.
This is not the city of Beijing.
I'm in charge.
And he must also suspect you.
You don't want to end up like me.
This issue is very important.
I need to rethink.
No hurry, don't reply to me until you think about it.
Sister.
Let's go.